_inbox/JOB-Hunt/JAVA-interviews.md, before:

 # Java Interview Questions
 [[001_interviews MOC]]
 #interview 
 #java 
#interview


## pending
- [x] [[jre jdk jvm]]
- [x] [[What is functional Interface]]
- [x] [[method references in java]]
- [ ] [[output based programs java]]
- [x] how to avoid finally block --> covereed in exceptions
- [x] [[What are the exceptions in java]]
- [x] [[Difference between map and flatmap in java]]
- [x] [[What is Optional , with example]]
- [ ] [[multithreading with examples in java]]
- [ ] **[[What is concurrency in java]]*  
- [x] [[What is record is java 14]]


#### 0630-0700: Java Interview 

	8. What is multithreading how to do multithreading using java
	9. Why wait,notify,notifyall is defined in Object class

	Springboot
	
	1. What is setter injector and constructor injection
	2. What is @Qualifier 
	3. What is Scope in beans
	4. What is factory design and Singleton design patterns
	5. Which version of hibernate you are using 
	6. What is Session Factory
	7. What is the meaning of thread safe
	8. How to write a program that is thread safe


	Database
	
	1. Primary and composite key
	2. Cross origin 
	3. Inner join
	4. Serialization

#### Java skill assesment 
	convert normal function to lambda function
	lambda function , pass that lambda function in the stream
	create enum, and how to access the enum
	object implementing the AutoCloseable interface are closed when it completes
	pass function inside the function
- [ ] [[why to use interface if we can use abstract classes]]

- [ ] [[rollback exception compile time or runtime]]
- [ ] [[singleton classes and what will happen if i clone the same object]]
- [ ] [[StringBuffer and StringBuilder in java]]
- [ ] [[how garbage collector works in java]]
- [ ] [[How to run two threads in java one after another]]
- [ ] [[How to run multiple threads in java]]
- [ ] [[real life thread example in java]]
- [ ] [[How to Synchronize in ArrayList]]

8. [ ] [[Call by Value and Call by reference in java]]
9. [ ] [[When to use Abstract classes and when to use Interface]] ?
4. [ ] [[How to run multiple threads in java]] ?
5. [ ] [[How to run two threads in java one after another]] ?
6. [ ] [[What is map and flat map in streams]] ?
7. [ ] [[What is Default Scope in java]] ?
8. [ ] 9. [ ] **What is the use of interface**
10. [ ] What is the Optional
11. [ ] Can we create final constructor
4. [ ] What is the use of final keyword , is it possible to override the final class
5. [ ] What is the static method , is it possible to override static methods


### Questions 
- [x] [[how string constant pool works under the hood]]
- [x] [[Types of Memory in java]]
3. [x] [[ArrayList and LinkedList and Vector when to use and why to use one over other]]


## Hashedin interview Questions 
7. [x] What are the names of exception checked and unchecked he want 4 names -[[throw and throws working]] [[What are the exceptions in java]]
8. [x] How to create immutable class in java --> learn how to create one from scratch and where it will be used in real life [[What is the use of immutable class]] [[What is Immutable class in java]] 


12. [ ] [[Traverse in spiral in 2D matrix]]
13. [ ] [[array with n numbers , one repeated and one missing , find the repeated and missing]] [[450 DSA Cracker]]

1. [ ]  [[Is it possible to implement multiple interfaces in single class, if yes how and if no why ]]
2. [x]  How we can maintain order of elements in the hashset ?  --> using LinkedHashSet [[Difference between HashMap and HashSet]]
3. [ ]  What is the signifance of interface in java ? why we use interfaces ?
5. [x]  What is Java8 Streams , what are the examples of streams, how it works internally ? [[What is stream api with examples]]

7. [ ]  How we can pass arguements in the function and the arguements is a function itself ?



## TCS interview Questions
- [x] [[What is functional Interface ]]
- [x] [[ What are the features introduced in Java 8 ]]
- [x] [[What is Lambda Expression in java8]]
- [x] [[What is Immutable class in java]]
- [x] [[What is hashcode() in java ]] 


- [x] [[What is Linked HashSet]]
- [x] [[How to sort list of Objects in java without Stream]]
- [x] [[How to Sort List of Objects using Streams in java]]
- [x] [[What is dependency injection]]

- [x] [[Difference between HashMap and HashSet]]
- [x] [[Comparator Vs Comparable]]









## Interview Experience

12. [x] [[What are the exceptions in java ]]
13. [x] [[throw and throws working]]

## Delloite Interview Experience
1. [x] What is the use of Constructor in java 
2. [x] What are the types of Constructor possible in java

6. [x] [[What is the use of finally keyword ]]
7. [x] What is the default value of string  --> null
8. [x] How to create map and list and store some values in map and list

Commit message:

M .obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json  M .obsidian/workspace  M "001_interviews MOC.md"  M Jorurnaling/2022-05-04.md  M Jorurnaling/2022-05-06.md  M "WorkON/e-separation bosch.md"  M _Dashboard.md  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/450 DSA Cracker.md"  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/String Coding Probems.md"  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/What is Immutable class in java.md"  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/What is the use of immutable class.md"  M _inbox/JOB-Hunt/JAVA-interviews.md  M _inbox/JOB-Hunt/companies/Companies.md  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Array Coding Problems.md"  M "_inbox/fleeting/Coding Questions.md"  M "_inbox/fleeting/spring boot interview questions.md"  M _inbox/interview-experiences.md  M "_inbox/output based programs java.md"  M "templates/Daily Note Template.md" ?? Jorurnaling/2022-05-05.md ?? "_inbox/AWS Services.md" ?? "_inbox/Merge 2 sorted arrays without using Extra space..md" ?? _inbox/exotel.md ?? "_inbox/find smallest and largest substring lexicographically.md" ?? "_inbox/pow function in java.md" ?? "_inbox/primitive datatype in java.md" ?? _inbox/template-replies.md ?? "_inbox/why character array is better thatn string to storie password injava.md"

_inbox/JOB-Hunt/JAVA-interviews.md, after:

 # Java Interview Questions
 [[001_interviews MOC]]
 #interview 
 #java 
#interview


## pending
- [ ] [[What is Immutable class in java]]
- [ ] [[What is object cloning in java]]


- [ ] [[multithreading with examples in java]]
- [ ] **[[What is concurrency in java]]*  
- [x] [[What is record is java 14]]

- [ ] [[Create custom immutable class with string and arraylist]]
- [ ] [[Create custom immutale class with string and Address Object]]
- [ ] [[why character array is better thatn string to storie password injava]]
- [x] [[pow function in java ]]
- [ ] [[primitive datatype in java]]


### Completed
- [x] [[jre jdk jvm]]
- [x] [[What is functional Interface]]
- [x] [[method references in java]]
- [x] [[output based programs java]]
- [x] how to avoid finally block --> covered in exceptions
- [x] [[What are the exceptions in java]]
- [x] [[Difference between map and flatmap in java]]
- [x] [[What is Optional , with example]]
#### 0630-0700: Java Interview 

	8. What is multithreading how to do multithreading using java
	9. Why wait,notify,notifyall is defined in Object class

	Springboot
	
	


	Database
	
	1. Primary and composite key
	2. Cross origin 
	3. Inner join
	4. Serialization

#### Java skill assesment 
	convert normal function to lambda function
	lambda function , pass that lambda function in the stream
	create enum, and how to access the enum
	object implementing the AutoCloseable interface are closed when it completes
	pass function inside the function
- [ ] [[why to use interface if we can use abstract classes]]

- [ ] [[rollback exception compile time or runtime]]
- [ ] [[singleton classes and what will happen if i clone the same object]]
- [ ] [[StringBuffer and StringBuilder in java]]
- [ ] [[how garbage collector works in java]]
- [ ] [[How to run two threads in java one after another]]
- [ ] [[How to run multiple threads in java]]
- [ ] [[real life thread example in java]]
- [ ] [[How to Synchronize in ArrayList]]

8. [ ] [[Call by Value and Call by reference in java]]
9. [ ] [[When to use Abstract classes and when to use Interface]] ?
4. [ ] [[How to run multiple threads in java]] ?
5. [ ] [[How to run two threads in java one after another]] ?
6. [ ] [[What is map and flat map in streams]] ?
7. [ ] [[What is Default Scope in java]] ?
8. [ ] 9. [ ] **What is the use of interface**
10. [ ] What is the Optional
11. [ ] Can we create final constructor
4. [ ] What is the use of final keyword , is it possible to override the final class
5. [ ] What is the static method , is it possible to override static methods


### Questions 
- [x] [[how string constant pool works under the hood]]
- [x] [[Types of Memory in java]]
3. [x] [[ArrayList and LinkedList and Vector when to use and why to use one over other]]


## Hashedin interview Questions 
7. [x] What are the names of exception checked and unchecked he want 4 names -[[throw and throws working]] [[What are the exceptions in java]]
8. [x] How to create immutable class in java --> learn how to create one from scratch and where it will be used in real life [[What is the use of immutable class]] [[What is Immutable class in java]] 


12. [ ] [[Traverse in spiral in 2D matrix]]
13. [ ] [[array with n numbers , one repeated and one missing , find the repeated and missing]] [[450 DSA Cracker]]

1. [ ]  [[Is it possible to implement multiple interfaces in single class, if yes how and if no why ]]
2. [x]  How we can maintain order of elements in the hashset ?  --> using LinkedHashSet [[Difference between HashMap and HashSet]]
3. [ ]  What is the signifance of interface in java ? why we use interfaces ?
5. [x]  What is Java8 Streams , what are the examples of streams, how it works internally ? [[What is stream api with examples]]

7. [ ]  How we can pass arguements in the function and the arguements is a function itself ?



## TCS interview Questions
- [x] [[What is functional Interface ]]
- [x] [[ What are the features introduced in Java 8 ]]
- [x] [[What is Lambda Expression in java8]]
- [x] [[What is Immutable class in java]]
- [x] [[What is hashcode() in java ]] 


- [x] [[What is Linked HashSet]]
- [x] [[How to sort list of Objects in java without Stream]]
- [x] [[How to Sort List of Objects using Streams in java]]
- [x] [[What is dependency injection]]

- [x] [[Difference between HashMap and HashSet]]
- [x] [[Comparator Vs Comparable]]









## Interview Experience

12. [x] [[What are the exceptions in java ]]
13. [x] [[throw and throws working]]

## Delloite Interview Experience
1. [x] What is the use of Constructor in java 
2. [x] What are the types of Constructor possible in java

6. [x] [[What is the use of finally keyword ]]
7. [x] What is the default value of string  --> null
8. [x] How to create map and list and store some values in map and list
