# 2022-04-09


This day i missed writing my journal so i am doing it next day, since i have read never miss a habit twice so i am gonna do it next day. 

So yesterday i started my day by going to **Chandi Devi** this is one of the simple and most visited temple in haridwar and in the past i have went there twice but i really like visiting this place. So i went with my friends , Rahul,Lavish,Naman. 

I prepared some snacks in the morning, and i was preparing for myself, then i have also prepared it for Naman since I like offering food to other people and i think food is also a great way of talking to other people and connecting.

I will do this more and more in the future since i love hanging out with friends going for a hike or trekking. 

Then we took our car and went to haridwar we stopped somewhere near to the badradab for a cigratte but there is no cigratte stop so we again started going and then we started climbing to Chandi Devi.

It is a beautiful place with the clamness in the nature and the *rasta* was **pracheen** thats what people calls it and yes it was pracheen , there were trees all around and monkeys were roaming. 

When we started climbing there was a monkey who was attacking one lady and she was crying like **MUMMY** haha that was funny and scary at the same time. I went there for a rescue and the monkey was like **aa ja tu dekh lunga tujhe bhi** meri toh sahi mae phati bhai , thoda sa dodge kiya usse aur aage bada.

Later i thought i should have kicked him since he is an animal , I am also an animal if he is trying to kill me , my instinct should be either fight or flight but with him i can fight.

OK So moving on , we started climbing again chit chatting and gossiping. 

There were small food stalls selling cucumbers and water bottles, there were so many poor people begging money i really did not given to money any one of them since , i they have proper legs and hands,

**I need to avoid giving money to people who has hands and legs**

Then we reached mandir and finished our darshan at the top the location was amaxing and the air quality was completely different it was altogether different experience . 

Then we came back from there hop into car and drove back. 

### Home 
When i reached home and later checked my email , i had an interview planned with TCS on 12:30 i was skeptical whether i should give or not, since  i have not slept all night all thanks to anxiety issues and later we went to haridwar and i was like little tired. Then i thought **FUCK IT** lets give the interview so i make a coffee for my self and take a cold shower and switched on my computer and went through JAVA and SpringBoot Questions. Just revising it.

## Interview 
- Interview Started and it was going smooth, JAVA, Spring boot and Angular Questions were asked and one Question on Database Joins.
- I answered all the questions as much loyal i can be during the process.
- There are some java questions that i am not able to answer 
- some springboot questiosn i need to increase depth and same for the database Questions.
- I have noted all the questions so i can easily go through and learn about them in depth.

## Interview Feedback
- So this is my feedback and i was really happy with the interview in my opinion i have aswered 90% questions , and they should give me the offer letter we just need to think of location and Package, lets see how it will go i will update it in my journal

## Workout
- Later in the day we went for a leg workout , it was decent, 
- 20Kg --> 20 reps  :star:

## Evening 
- later after workout we went to near canal and spent a really good time but this time i did not smoke since i really don't like smoking i need to avoid it as much as possible. :) 


