TODO.md, before:

# TODO

Date : 13-04-2022
- [ ] Shortcut to enter date in obsidian
- [ ] [[Patch fix for the layout issue ]]
- [ ] Prepare for Deloitte interview : 12:30 PM
- [ ] [[Network or Connection List]]

Date: 10-04-2022

#### Office 
- [x] substityute added
- [x] Request data in excel 
	- [x] [[ WorkON RBCM (Gratuities Reporting Tool) ]]

#### Personal
- [ ] Dr Reddy Interview --> React bump up and Angular Revision
- [ ] [[How giving tech interviews build my confidence ]]  
- [x] Plan for the interview 11
- [x] Study Questions of Java and Springboot for the interview
- [ ] Follow up with TCS HR
- [ ] Follow up with kokela
- [x] Collect points on negotation from the screenshot
- [x] Document the Questions shared by manish and the interview questions 
- [ ] collect the information shared by megha 
- [ ] [[All HR Contacts]]  

**Obsidian is they way to do knowledge management since with blog i cannot revise the concepts faster but here i can revise it faster than ever :) **


#### Pending 
- Offer letter Date --> page 4 it is mentioned
- Form 16 Part A   --> downloaded --> upload pending
- e-nomination --> done --> recheck pending
- Passport --> apply again 
- Voterid  --> recheck

contact kokela and inform her about the joining date and upload the form 16 Part A

- [x] [[Obsidian Sync]]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



- [ ] interview questions asked in deloitte  
- [x] Tomorrow Java Interview 
- [x]  fix the  password in the pipelines. 
- [x]  Check the copy task is not working in pipeline
- [x]  Support for incident : [[INC000021985011]]
- [ x ]  Supported Shrini for testing --> pending
- [ ]  Central Search Downloads are not working
- [x]  Take all bosch documents and upload to one drive to be future proof
- [x]  Use Obsidian walt as a git repo so that in other computer i can take all the data and use directly
- [x]  Talk to brother on living alone 
		1. How to use that time to work on your self

- [x]  check with hr for offer letter date and form 16 Part A
- [x]  Inform kokela that , in page 4 offer letter mentioned that doj will be informed later and this information is present int he payslip
- [x] Upload Form 16 Part A 2020-2021 to Cognizanat website 
- [x] Upload 4 page of offer letter in cognizant portal

- [ ] Support Khoa to provide latest build
- [ ] Contact friends and ask for referal
- [ ] Wedding preparations 	
	- [ ] Clothes and room etc



1. Log nhi badaltein 
	- only circumstances changes
	- ignore those people 
	- adhere : 
	- remit  :  same bakchodi
	- oppose : last case 


Defence mechanism
- 
	


1. personal knowledge management.
2. How to publish directly from obsidian to online like , linkedin or hashnode or any other websites
3. How to use obsidian as a software developer
4. Create Presentation using obsidian using ---
5. [[How to use Griller for Cooking Various Items ]]
6. [[Interview Questions Java]]
7. [[Walking Challenges for Donation]]
8. [[Document Skills for Sister]]
9. [[Overnight Oats Recipes]]
10. Import medium stories to hashnode
	1. https://hashnode.com/post/import-your-medium-stories-to-hashnode-in-5-steps-ckmahbxl4008bubs1e2ff1pj7

11. [[How is Revel]]
12. Maximising Productivity Podcast :
	1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXvDEmo6uS4
	


11. jorunarling --> done 

Date: 09-04-2022
1. Learn All the configuration of the eureka server and how microservice is registered
2. Learn how the deployment of microservice takes place
3. Learn load balancing and other interview Questions on microservice.
4. Follow up with TCS and Deloitte and Hashedin
5. 




Date : 08-04-2022
1. Check copy Task failing in build pipeline
2. Support Khoa to provide latest build
3. Support Operation Activities
4. Change Windows Password and password in all the locations.
5. Check plugins and extensions of obsidian that i use and contribute in some way to these plugins this is the easiest way to contribute.
6. 
	1. Password Changes.
			- build pipelines : Sunder!@#L@xmi967
			- maven
			- maven config in build server 
			- cntlm --> not required thank god 
			- 
			- 


#### e-separation
Asset : vimal.mohan@in.bosch.com
- return a computer 
- check what other asset we need to return
- How to return asset since i cannot come to the ofc  

https://rb-servicecatalog.apps.intranet.bosch.com/RequestCenter/website/Grunt/application/offer.html?id=3803)





#### 



- [ ] Check Quiko for tax filing
- [ ] Apply at job linkedin in shishir : https://www.linkedin.com/safety/go?url=https%3A%2F%2Fboards.greenhouse.io%2Fa3c41b8b71eff8c4%3Fgh_src%3D63801dff3us&trk=flagship-messaging-web&messageThreadUrn=urn%3Ali%3AmessagingThread%3A2-Y2FkOWI1YTYtZmRkZS00ZDUyLWEwNWMtZDUzOWRhMGFiOTUxXzAxMA%3D%3D&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_profile_view_base_featured_details%3BH6y1vQy4Qj%2BAd7xBfc0mGQ%3D%3D



Date : 07-04-2022

-  [ ] patch fix for the layout issue in Q and then inform the team for the testing.
-  [x] Supported for two incidents INC000021876746,INC000021938982
-  [ ] provided build to Khoa 
	- Copy task is failing 
	-  How to Connect to HSQL Database in local workon core 
 - [ ] Practice one java  Concept
 - [ ] Write Blog on one Java Concept 
 - [ ] Jorunaling 

- [ ]  check PF Passbook
- [ ] Apply Passport
- [ ] Apply VoterId

Commit message:

M .obsidian/app.json  M .obsidian/appearance.json  M .obsidian/community-plugins.json  M .obsidian/workspace  M JOB-Hunt/Companies.md  M JOB-Hunt/JAVA.md  M "Learn Salary Negotitation.md"  M "Patch fix for the layout issue.md"  D "Principles $ Philosphies/Obsidian Shortcuts.md"  M TODO.md ?? .obsidian/plugins/cm-editor-syntax-highlight-obsidian/ ?? .obsidian/snippets/ ?? "How to patch fix inside WAR.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/Create a simple POST Controller.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/Difference between POST and PUT.md" ?? JOB-Hunt/Resume/ ?? "JOB-Hunt/What is Default Scope in java.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/What is hibernate.md" ?? Jio-job.md ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-15.md ?? "OffTopic/Obsidian Shortcuts.md" ?? "Podcast/Backend generate url and it collides with the exising data.md" ?? Podcast/Cassanda.md ?? "Podcast/Design from database to Service.md" ?? Podcast/Driviz-Discussion.md ?? "Podcast/Graph QL.md" ?? "Podcast/How postgres will update an entry what happens in the background.md" ?? "Podcast/How redis works, and what is eviction policy.md" ?? "Podcast/How to choose a database for the non structural.md" ?? "Podcast/How to choose the relational or non -relational database.md" ?? "Podcast/How to separate read and write in database for relational.md" ?? "Podcast/How to use a select the hardisk on a database.md" ?? Podcast/MongoDb.md ?? "Podcast/Read and write microservice, how to break monilithic service to microservice.md" ?? Videos/ ?? "WorkON/Problem ticket.md" ?? "fullStack/Golang introduction by Caleb Doxsey.md" ?? fullStack/Golang.md

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
#### Date
checkout : https://450dsa.com/
- [x] Create notes out of Driviz talk
- [x] Create new resume based on driviz format
- [x] Forward the resume to him
- [x] Talk to parmar
- Be disciplined and make your discipline your power and become your best version \
- remote job
	- we work remotely
	- remote.co
	- remote in tech
- book reading benefits
- [[Golang]]

- [ ] [[Why russians are good coder]]
-  Plan weekly meeitng with techie


Date : 15-04-2022
- [ ] https://www.codingame.com/evaluate/?id=52467645842d273ac90a0ca1d173c3b70771eaa   --> take this test coding game
- [ ]  apply at JIO
- [ ]  prepare one page for delloitte details similar to TCS and CTS details
- [ ]  [[Jio-job]]

Date : 13-04-2022
- [ ] Shortcut to enter date in obsidian
- [ ] [[Patch fix for the layout issue ]]
- [ ] Prepare for Deloitte interview : 12:30 PM
- [ ] [[Network or Connection List]]
- [ ] Follow up TCS HR Evening

Date: 10-04-2022

#### Office 
- [x] substitute added
- [x] Request data in excel 
	- [x] [[ WorkON RBCM (Gratuities Reporting Tool) ]]

#### Personal
- [ ] Dr Reddy Interview --> React bump up and Angular Revision
- [ ] [[How giving tech interviews build my confidence ]]  
- [x] Plan for the interview 11
- [x] Study Questions of Java and Springboot for the interview
- [ ] Follow up with TCS HR
- [ ] Follow up with kokela
- [x] Collect points on negotation from the screenshot
- [x] Document the Questions shared by manish and the interview questions 
- [ ] collect the information shared by megha 
- [ ] [[All HR Contacts]]  

**Obsidian is they way to do knowledge management since with blog i cannot revise the concepts faster but here i can revise it faster than ever :) **


#### Pending 
- Offer letter Date --> page 4 it is mentioned
- Form 16 Part A   --> downloaded --> upload pending
- e-nomination --> done --> recheck pending
- Passport --> apply again 
- Voterid  --> recheck

contact kokela and inform her about the joining date and upload the form 16 Part A

- [x] [[Obsidian Sync]]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



- [ ] interview questions asked in deloitte  
- [x] Tomorrow Java Interview 
- [x]  fix the  password in the pipelines. 
- [x]  Check the copy task is not working in pipeline
- [x]  Support for incident : [[INC000021985011]]
- [ x ]  Supported Shrini for testing --> pending
- [ ]  Central Search Downloads are not working
- [x]  Take all bosch documents and upload to one drive to be future proof
- [x]  Use Obsidian walt as a git repo so that in other computer i can take all the data and use directly
- [x]  Talk to brother on living alone 
		1. How to use that time to work on your self

- [x]  check with hr for offer letter date and form 16 Part A
- [x]  Inform kokela that , in page 4 offer letter mentioned that doj will be informed later and this information is present int he payslip
- [x] Upload Form 16 Part A 2020-2021 to Cognizanat website 
- [x] Upload 4 page of offer letter in cognizant portal

- [ ] Support Khoa to provide latest build
- [ ] Contact friends and ask for referal
- [ ] Wedding preparations 	
	- [ ] Clothes and room etc



1. Log nhi badaltein 
	- only circumstances changes
	- ignore those people 
	- adhere : 
	- remit  :  same bakchodi
	- oppose : last case 


Defence mechanism
- 
	


1. personal knowledge management.
2. How to publish directly from obsidian to online like , linkedin or hashnode or any other websites
3. How to use obsidian as a software developer
4. Create Presentation using obsidian using ---
5. [[How to use Griller for Cooking Various Items ]]
6. [[Interview Questions Java]]
7. [[Walking Challenges for Donation]]
8. [[Document Skills for Sister]]
9. [[Overnight Oats Recipes]]
10. Import medium stories to hashnode
	1. https://hashnode.com/post/import-your-medium-stories-to-hashnode-in-5-steps-ckmahbxl4008bubs1e2ff1pj7

11. [[How is Revel]]
12. Maximising Productivity Podcast :
	1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXvDEmo6uS4
	


11. jorunarling --> done 

Date: 09-04-2022
1. Learn All the configuration of the eureka server and how microservice is registered
2. Learn how the deployment of microservice takes place
3. Learn load balancing and other interview Questions on microservice.
4. Follow up with TCS and Deloitte and Hashedin
5. 




Date : 08-04-2022
1. Check copy Task failing in build pipeline
2. Support Khoa to provide latest build
3. Support Operation Activities
4. Change Windows Password and password in all the locations.
5. Check plugins and extensions of obsidian that i use and contribute in some way to these plugins this is the easiest way to contribute.
6. 
	1. Password Changes.
			- build pipelines : Sunder!@#L@xmi967
			- maven
			- maven config in build server 
			- cntlm --> not required thank god 
			- 
			- 


#### e-separation
Asset : vimal.mohan@in.bosch.com
- return a computer 
- check what other asset we need to return
- How to return asset since i cannot come to the ofc  

https://rb-servicecatalog.apps.intranet.bosch.com/RequestCenter/website/Grunt/application/offer.html?id=3803)





#### 



- [ ] Check Quiko for tax filing
- [ ] Apply at job linkedin in shishir : https://www.linkedin.com/safety/go?url=https%3A%2F%2Fboards.greenhouse.io%2Fa3c41b8b71eff8c4%3Fgh_src%3D63801dff3us&trk=flagship-messaging-web&messageThreadUrn=urn%3Ali%3AmessagingThread%3A2-Y2FkOWI1YTYtZmRkZS00ZDUyLWEwNWMtZDUzOWRhMGFiOTUxXzAxMA%3D%3D&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_profile_view_base_featured_details%3BH6y1vQy4Qj%2BAd7xBfc0mGQ%3D%3D



Date : 07-04-2022

-  [ ] patch fix for the layout issue in Q and then inform the team for the testing.
-  [x] Supported for two incidents INC000021876746,INC000021938982
-  [ ] provided build to Khoa 
	- Copy task is failing 
	-  How to Connect to HSQL Database in local workon core 
 - [ ] Practice one java  Concept
 - [ ] Write Blog on one Java Concept 
 - [ ] Jorunaling 

- [ ]  check PF Passbook
- [ ] Apply Passport
- [ ] Apply VoterId
