_inbox/fleeting/spring boot interview questions.md, before:

# 📑 spring boot interview questions
[[001_interviews MOC]]

- **🏷️Tags** : #23-04-2022, #review, #interview/springboot

## 🔗 Links

##  Spring boot 

### Most Important 
- [x] [[Complete Sprinboot project REST API with MySQL]]
- [ ] [[Simple Springboot REST API with H2 ]]

## Pending 
- [x] [[What is !@Qualifier in springboot]]
- [x]  [[What is equals() method in java]]
- [ ] [[How to improve performance of springboot application]]

## Other Questions
6. [ ] [[what is shutdown hook]]
9. [x] [[@ControllerAdvice]]
10. [x] [[@Value]] 
11. [x] [[@PropertySource]]
12. [x] [[what is spring profile]]
13. [x] [[Difference between @Component and @Service and @Repository annotation]]
14. [x] [[What are the possible annotations in springboot microservices]]
15. [x] What if we apply RequestMapping annotation to a class
16. [x] What is RestTemplate , This is synchronous
17. [ ] [[What is the way to make Async call in sprinboot microservices.]]
18. [x] [[how to handle custom exceptions in spring project]]
19. [ ] How authentication works with spring security
20. [ ] How Oauth works'
21. [ ] 10. [ ] What is OAuth , How it works ?
22. [ ] What is hibernate , how it works with example ?
23. [ ] What is property Externaliztion ?
	1. [ ] Modify property of spring boot application so that we can modify the property and we don't need to redeploy the application
24. [ ] [[What are the status codes in rest api ]]?
	1. [ ] Name some status code from client and server side ?
	2. [ ] 
### TCS Spring Boot interview Questions
- [x] [[Where is Database Configuration stored in Springboot application]]
- [x] [[Create a simple POST Controller]]
- [x] [[Difference between POST and PUT]]
- [x] [[What is hibernate ]]
- [ ] [[Difference between inner join and Left outer join]]

Commit message:

M .obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json  M .obsidian/workspace  M "001_interviews MOC.md"  M Jorurnaling/2022-05-04.md  M Jorurnaling/2022-05-06.md  M "WorkON/e-separation bosch.md"  M _Dashboard.md  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/450 DSA Cracker.md"  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/String Coding Probems.md"  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/What is Immutable class in java.md"  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/What is the use of immutable class.md"  M _inbox/JOB-Hunt/JAVA-interviews.md  M _inbox/JOB-Hunt/companies/Companies.md  M "_inbox/JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Array Coding Problems.md"  M "_inbox/fleeting/Coding Questions.md"  M "_inbox/fleeting/spring boot interview questions.md"  M _inbox/interview-experiences.md  M "_inbox/output based programs java.md"  M "templates/Daily Note Template.md" ?? Jorurnaling/2022-05-05.md ?? "_inbox/AWS Services.md" ?? "_inbox/Merge 2 sorted arrays without using Extra space..md" ?? _inbox/exotel.md ?? "_inbox/find smallest and largest substring lexicographically.md" ?? "_inbox/pow function in java.md" ?? "_inbox/primitive datatype in java.md" ?? _inbox/template-replies.md ?? "_inbox/why character array is better thatn string to storie password injava.md"

_inbox/fleeting/spring boot interview questions.md, after:

# 📑 spring boot interview questions
[[001_interviews MOC]]

- **🏷️Tags** : #23-04-2022, #review, #interview/springboot

## 🔗 Links

##  Spring boot 

### Most Important 
- [x] [[Complete Sprinboot project REST API with MySQL]]
- [ ] [[Simple Springboot REST API with H2 ]]

## Pending 
- [x] [[What is !@Qualifier in springboot]]
- [ ] [[How to improve performance of springboot application]]
- [ ] [[What is setter injector and constructor injection]]
- [ ] [[What is Scope in beans]]
	4.[[ What is factory design]]
	7. [[What is Session Factory]]
	5.  and [[Singleton design patterns]]
	6. Which version of hibernate you are using 
	7. 6. [ ] [[what is shutdown hook]]
	8. 7. [ ] [[What is the way to make Async call in sprinboot microservices.]]


## Other Questions

9. [x] [[@ControllerAdvice]]
10. [x] [[@Value]] 
11. [x] [[@PropertySource]]
12. [x] [[what is spring profile]]
13. [x] [[Difference between @Component and @Service and @Repository annotation]]
14. [x] [[What are the possible annotations in springboot microservices]]
15. [x] What if we apply RequestMapping annotation to a class
16. [x] What is RestTemplate , This is synchronous
1
18. [x] [[how to handle custom exceptions in spring project]]
19. [ ] How authentication works with spring security
20. [ ] How Oauth works'
21. [ ] 10. [ ] What is OAuth , How it works ?
22. [ ] What is hibernate , how it works with example ?
23. [ ] What is property Externaliztion ?
	1. [ ] Modify property of spring boot application so that we can modify the property and we don't need to redeploy the application
24. [ ] [[What are the status codes in rest api ]]?
	1. [ ] Name some status code from client and server side ?
	2. [ ] 
### TCS Spring Boot interview Questions
- [x] [[Where is Database Configuration stored in Springboot application]]
- [x] [[Create a simple POST Controller]]
- [x] [[Difference between POST and PUT]]
- [x] [[What is hibernate ]]
- [ ] [[Difference between inner join and Left outer join]]
