_inbox/interview-experiences.md, before:

#### 1100-1200: coding round
	furthest from zero, compare absolute values but return the actual value
	find the median of the sub array
	Create the schema 
	![[Screenshot (27).png]]
	check the question on the schema

	driviz discussion 

```code


1. Customers >>> 1mil.
2. Order-Shipping -> 1to1
3. Order -> Payment -> 1 to many 

Teacher -> Class
Teacher -> ClassID
Class -> TeacherID

TeacherClass
TeacherID ClassID TeacherClassID
T1 C1
T2 C2

Entity:
Individual IDs
1. Customer - FirstName: String, LastName: String, Email: String, Phone, Addresses<List>, Password<encrypted>
2. Order - OrderItem<List>, Status, CustomerID, AddressID
3. OrderItem - Item, Quantity, OrderID
4. Item - Name, Description, Qty, SoldBy
5. Payment - Method, Amount, Currency, CreatedAt, Status, OrderID
5. Address - HouseNo, City, State, Pin

Customer

Non-Functional
1. AES-256 Password Encryption - secret based
2. 

Customer, Order -> ON CustomerID
Customer Left Outer Join Order -> ON CustomerID


```

![[Screenshot (27) 1.png]]

Commit message:

M .obsidian/community-plugins.json  M .obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json  M .obsidian/workspace  M Jorurnaling/2022-05-04.md  M "_inbox/Simple Springboot REST API with H2.md"  M "_inbox/What is !@Qualifier in springboot.md"  M "_inbox/What is Optional , with example.md"  M _inbox/fleeting/@Value.md  M "_inbox/fleeting/Complete Sprinboot project REST API with MySQL.md"  M "_inbox/fleeting/spring boot interview questions.md"  M _inbox/interview-experiences.md  M "_inbox/method references in java.md"  M "templates/Regular Note Template.md" ?? "_inbox/How to improve performance of springboot application.md"

_inbox/interview-experiences.md, after:


### TATA 1Mg interview experience 
1. explain oops concepts in details
2. overloading and overriding 
3. LinkedList vs ArrayList
4. Internal Working of HashSet
5. Concurrent HashMap
6. Singleton Design DPattern
7. Create Immutable class with fields such as string and arraylist 
	1. but make sure we are not able to modify the arratylist
8. How to share object
	1. copy object or cloning
2. how to change port in spring boot
3. Qualifier
4. 

### 1100-1200: coding round
	furthest from zero, compare absolute values but return the actual value
	find the median of the sub array
	Create the schema 
	![[Screenshot (27).png]]
	check the question on the schema

	driviz discussion 

```code


1. Customers >>> 1mil.
2. Order-Shipping -> 1to1
3. Order -> Payment -> 1 to many 

Teacher -> Class
Teacher -> ClassID
Class -> TeacherID

TeacherClass
TeacherID ClassID TeacherClassID
T1 C1
T2 C2

Entity:
Individual IDs
1. Customer - FirstName: String, LastName: String, Email: String, Phone, Addresses<List>, Password<encrypted>
2. Order - OrderItem<List>, Status, CustomerID, AddressID
3. OrderItem - Item, Quantity, OrderID
4. Item - Name, Description, Qty, SoldBy
5. Payment - Method, Amount, Currency, CreatedAt, Status, OrderID
5. Address - HouseNo, City, State, Pin

Customer

Non-Functional
1. AES-256 Password Encryption - secret based
2. 

Customer, Order -> ON CustomerID
Customer Left Outer Join Order -> ON CustomerID


```

![[Screenshot (27) 1.png]]
