# 2022-04-11

This is morning positivity , so here i am back into my good life after a good weekend with my friends. Today i thought of writing the journal in the morning, so that i can get something work done

## Promise to myself
- I will increase my productivity and reduce the screentime 
- I will reduce screentime for my mobile phone since my eyes has been used too much.
- Apart from that today i will focus on work and also check all the action required emails in the gmail. :)


## TCS further process
- So today i have filled the process of the TCS means i have cleared there interview it was an amazing feeling that i have cleared TCS also there are many more interviews will align and i will clear more and more interviews in the future.
- They have asked for the expected salary and i have given my number to be 12 LPA
   lets see for how much they will counter if the HR will say no  we cannot pay you 12 LPA i will give my reasons like i am building the dream home for my family and for that i need atleast this much to financially support them.
   
   [[Learn Salary Negotitation]]
   
  - I wanted my package to be close to 15 LPA since this will be great when switching and i can support my sister to build their dream home + i can bought a macbook for my self and i think for the personal use macbook air will be fine since i will only learn new stuff on my macbook and these days everything is on cloud and if i need that kind of power i can build a custom PC for my self and that will do the job.

## Talk with Amit
- Today i had talk with amit where we have discussed about 
- [[smallcase]]
- [[How to read people]]
- [[How to stay away from office politics and grow in corporate]]
- he has told me that people will never change may be there behavior towards you is different as of now but there core behavior will be same.
- This i have realized in case of Kavya also this guy litterally changed his behavior towards amit as soon as he got the good job and earlier he used to bully people. 
- If he tends to bully people means he will bully and that is his reaction towards me and then why i have him in my whatsapp i should definitely delete his number.
- 


## Reasons i want to join a firm
- good work culture
- my friends are there
- Bosch is a great company but i am looking higher growth
- I want 13LPA and 12 LPA to be fixed and 1 LPA to be bonus 
- infosys : Ask megha 

## Introduce yourself
- I can do ad-hoc automation tests and customer support
- That was a  breif introduction about me Thank you 
- add the JD details to the introduction

## JD


## Megha is getting 14 LPA 
- If she can get this much package who is literally illeterate in terms of technical expertise it means i can easily get 20 LPA 


















   