Jorurnaling/2022-04-19.md, before:

## Morning thoughts
- Feeling great today, woke up at 7 AM but i could have woked up little early may be 6 
- For this, i will finish by dinner by 8 and for that, i will finish by gym by 6:30 and for that, i need to leave for gym by 5:15 and for that i need to wrap up my work by 5

## Gratitude
- Happy that i have a bed to sleep on unlike others
- 
## Future You
- Yes, i am getting closer to my future self.
- eating health, workout, journaling, coding, saving and i will improve on this 

## Daily Review  

## Daily checklist
- [ ] [[450 DSA Cracker]]
- [ ] Journaling
- [ ] Workout
- [ ] planning for next day
- [ ] Add items from the TODO list here
- [x] Call any one friend from friend list [[Network or Connection List]]
- [x] Remove 5 contact
- [x] Pray for 5 mins , om namah shivay
- [ ] How to maintian TIL in obsidian
- [ ] send the tasks list to lokesh for the sprint planning
- [ ] 



# Interviews and Personal


- [ ] Learn about springboot and elastic search configuration
- [ ] Capgemini full stack interview 
- [ ] castle view interivew -->
- [ ] follow up with melaysia remote job [[Network or Connection List]]
- [ ] check with fab-holtels hr [[Network or Connection List]]
- [ ] Dr Reddy --> follow up --> shikha singh hr dr reddy
- [ ] - [ ] check with capgeminin, and Qualcomm and also add their details to the [[Network or Connection List]]
- [ ] Hashdin
- [ ] Qualcom --> check email and calllog
- [ ] TCS --> follow up 

## CTS documents
- [ ] Print the letter of authorization and then submit it 
- [ ] Apply for passport and then submit the application again when payment is done
- [ ] discuss with kokela that i don;t have the offer letter with doj and joining date is mentioned int he pay slip
- [ ] Follow up with kokela 
-

Commit message:

M .obsidian/app.json  M .obsidian/graph.json  M .obsidian/plugins/periodic-notes/data.json  M .obsidian/plugins/recent-files-obsidian/data.json  M .obsidian/workspace  M "JOB-Hunt/Difference between HashMap and HashSet.md"  M "JOB-Hunt/Interview-Questions-Solutions/What are the features introduced in Java 8.md"  M "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/450 DSA Cracker.md"  M JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Array.md  M "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Find the Kth max and min element of an array.md"  M "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Given an array which consists of only 0, 1 and 2. Sort the array without using any sorting algo.md"  M Jorurnaling/2022-04-19.md  M Jorurnaling/2022-04-20.md  M Jorurnaling/2022-04-22.md  D Jorurnaling/2022-04-24.md  M Jorurnaling/Daily-journal.md  M "Networking/Network or Connection List.md"  M "WorkON/Problem ticket.md"  M "templates/Daily Note Template.md"  M "templates/Weekly Note Template.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/Elastic Search.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/Longest palindrome in a string.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/Palindrome in string.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/Reverse a linkedList.md" ?? JOB-Hunt/TreeSet.md ?? "JOB-Hunt/interview questions hashedin.md" ?? JOB-Hunt/interview-experience/TCS.md ?? "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Find the Union and Intersection of the two sorted arrays.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Move all the negative elements to one side of the array.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Two Pointer Approach.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/Write a program to cyclically rotate an array by one.md" ?? "JOB-Hunt/striver-SDE1-sheet/find Largest sum contiguous Subarray [V. IMP.md" ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-21.md ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-23.md ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-25.md ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-26.md ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-27.md ?? Jorurnaling/2022-04-30.md ?? Jorurnaling/books.md ?? "What is JDBC.md" ?? WorkON/INC000021998043-done.md ?? "WorkON/INC000022032108 --pending.md" ?? unlinked/

Jorurnaling/2022-04-19.md, after:

## hashedin interview prep
- [ ] hashedin interview prep 
- [ ] [[interview questions hashedin]]


## Morning thoughts
- Feeling great today, woke up at 7 AM but i could have woked up little early may be 6 
- For this, i will finish by dinner by 8 and for that, i will finish by gym by 6:30 and for that, i need to leave for gym by 5:15 and for that i need to wrap up my work by 5

## Gratitude
- Happy that i have a bed to sleep on unlike others
- 
## Future You
- Yes, i am getting closer to my future self.
- eating health, workout, journaling, coding, saving and i will improve on this 

## Daily Review  
- So today was a good day i woke pretty early and i am thinking of improving it over time, apart from this i also got the call from TCS and CTS and delloite and ishani and other companies and i have planned for their calls
- Apart from this i have my complete week for the meeting i found that it is great that i can plan every meeting in obsidian and it is really cool

## Daily checklist
- [x] [[450 DSA Cracker]]
- [x] Journaling
- [x] Workout
- [x] planning for next day
- [x] Call any one friend from friend list [[Network or Connection List]]
- [x] Remove 5 contact
- [x] Pray for 5 mins , om namah shivay
- [x] send the tasks list to lokesh for the sprint planning
- [x] import daily notes 
- [x] [[Elastic Search]]








# Interviews and Personal
- [x] Hashdin
- [x] TCS --> follow up 




## Meeting Log
- ### 04:52 : Chitra Bansal
-  make a resume ATS friendly 
- how to make a simple resume
- how to add keywords 
- do epic shit : book by ankur warikoo [[books]]
