# 2022-04-10

Today morning itself i have planned to go to haridwar for a smoke session with himanshu so we left our place met himanshu in hardiwar and then we went to chilla and we have found a wonderful place which is like close to nature and there is water flowing and we are smoking joints it was wonderful we had a great moment there, but we have used most of our time there, but beleive me or not it was worth it.


### Hustling
Today i have watched one video of a guy name dorian and how he has raised from the gun shots and sleeping in a single bed room apartment and then from there he is now earning in 6 figures +  he is also having side hustles and earning some cool side income, + he is also planning for a generational wealth for the family. so that even he is not there his family will be fine.

- So Why he hustle so much, since he don't want to be poor again and he wants to provide for his family, he wants to take care of them in all the situations
- Whatever he has faced he don't want that for his family
- I really love this guy and his passion to learn and earn for his family.
- I also wanted to do something like that and build generational wealth for my family.


#### I want to provide for my whole family
- I want to build house for both of my sisters.
- I want my sisters to work for that i need to teach them how to upskill themself and learn and grow
- I want the best treatment for my mother and pather in patanjali
- I want my father and mother to travel whole world.
- I want to gift a car to my brother.
- I want to build generational wealth for my family so that i can support them
[[How to Create Generational Wealth]]
[[How to increase active income]]
[[how to save money on tax]]
